Tracks-App
We're going to record the user's location over time and as the user starts to move around in the actual world we're draw a kind of a little line on the map like the one you see right here. So users are going to be able to track the path that they make over time in the real world. A user might want to use this application if they're going on a hike or a bike ride or a road trip or something like that any use case where user starts to move around in the physical world and they just want to kind of recap and see what path they took. The main screen that a user is going to be making use of is a screen that we'll call track create screen. So on the screen a user will be able to see their current location whenever they hit this record button. We're going to record their location over time. And like I said we're going to draw a little line on the map just to tell the user exactly where they are after a user has recorded what we're going to call a track which is essentially a series of points in the real world. We're then going to save that information and list out all the different tracks that a user has recorded on another screen called Track List screen. So on the screen the user might have recorded a fun hike they went on and then maybe a bike ride a road trip and so on. Whenever a user taps on one of these different tracks they have recorded. Well then take them to a detailed screen where we will show them another map once again and show them the exact route they had taken when they did that given activity. Now in addition to these three kind of primary activity screens right here we're also going to have some navigation or somehow authentication. So we want to have a sign up screen where a user can sign up for an account with our application with an email and password. Our app is going to communicate with an outside API . we're going to store all the information tied to these users in their tracks inside of a mongo DV instance.
